README.md, before:

# Minesweeper2
![](gui/butt-flag.png) Minesweeper game in C++.

> **Przeczytaj [README w języku polskim](README.pl.md)!**

![](doc/example1.gif)

## Author
>   **Górka Mateusz**\
>   **maatiug@gmail.com**

## Table of contets
- [Minesweeper2](#Minesweeper2)
- [Author](#Author)
- [Game](#Game)
    - [Prepare](#Prepare)
    - [Running](#Running)
    - [Game rule](#rule)
- [Dev](#Dev)
    - [Documentation](#Documentation)
    - [Exception](#Exception)
    - [Specification](#Specification)
- [License](#License)

![](gui/butt-click.png)

## Game
### Prepare:
Use a program [`make`](http://gnuwin32.sourceforge.net/packages/make
.htm) to compile the code.

### Running:
By command: `./Minesweeper2.exe`.

Runing  arguments:
arg          | help
:-----------:|:--------
 -w \<num>   | width of board
 -h \<num>   | heigh of board
 -m \<num>   | number of mines
 -H          | turn on hints in the game

Exp.: `./Minesweeper2.exe -w 20 -h 15 -m 70`

<a name="rule"></a>
### Game rule:
 - First click is always safe!
 - Game is finish when all no mine fields are uncovered.

![](gui/score-bg.png)

## Dev
### Documentation
To generate documentation use program [doxygen](http://doxygen.nl).
You can use comand `make doxygen` in main project dir.
[Link to generated documentation](dox/html/index.phtml)

### Exception
Exception                                       | Why?
:-----------------------------------------------|:------
Too much attempts to rand location of mines.    | Rand a location of mines takes to long.
ALLOC 001                                       | Unexpected Board::alloc()
RESOURCES [...]                                 | That kind of errors is is related to memory access and resources in exe file.

### Specification
- Language: C++
- OS: Windows 10
- Compilator: **minGW**
- GUI: SFML Library

## License
See a file [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md).

## To Do List
- [ ] Start and communicates
- [ ] Board size modify by GUI

Commit message:

Generate argv list [MenuGUI#2 DONE]
CHANGES:
	- Menu::output() - done
	- Menu::clean() - done
	- Menu::click() (void -> bool)

	- Added app icon

README.md, after:

# Minesweeper2
![](gui/butt-flag.png) Minesweeper game in C++.

> **Przeczytaj [README w języku polskim](README.pl.md)!**

![](doc/example1.gif)

## Author
>   **Górka Mateusz**\
>   **maatiug@gmail.com**

## Table of contets
- [Minesweeper2](#Minesweeper2)
- [Author](#Author)
- [Game](#Game)
    - [Prepare](#Prepare)
    - [Running](#Running)
    - [Game rule](#rule)
- [Dev](#Dev)
    - [Documentation](#Documentation)
    - [Exception](#Exception)
    - [Specification](#Specification)
- [License](#License)

![](gui/butt-click.png)

## Game
### Prepare:
Use a program [`make`](http://gnuwin32.sourceforge.net/packages/make.htm) to compile the code.

### Running:
By command: `./Minesweeper2.exe` or just click on the `.exe` file. ;)

![](doc/example-menu.gif)

Running  arguments to start game in console:
arg          | help
:-----------:|:--------
 -w \<num>   | width of board
 -h \<num>   | heigh of board
 -m \<num>   | number of mines
 -H          | turn on hints in the game

Exp.: `./Minesweeper2.exe -w 20 -h 15 -m 70`

<a name="rule"></a>
### Game rule:
 - First click is always safe!
 - The game is finish when all no mine fields are uncovered.
 - The game include posibility to turn on the hints that show up after 5 seconds without action.

![](doc/example-hint.gif)

![](gui/score-bg.png)

## Dev
### Documentation
To generate documentation use program [doxygen](http://doxygen.nl).
You can use comand `make doxygen` in main project dir.
[Link to generated documentation](dox/html/index.phtml)

### Exception
Exception                                       | Why?
:-----------------------------------------------|:------
Too much attempts to rand location of mines.    | Rand a location of mines takes to long.
ALLOC 001                                       | Unexpected Board::alloc()
RESOURCES [...]                                 | That kind of errors is is related to memory access and resources in exe file.

### Specification
- Language: C++
- OS: Windows 10
- Compilator: **minGW**
- GUI: SFML Library

## License
See a file [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md).

## To Do List
No new long term idea.
